Supplies needed: Speaker tripod, mesh AP, Ethernet cable, PoE injector, screwdriver.

1. Retrieve a speaker tripod (with large, thick center pole) from the [[FTC/FTC-AV/index#Equipment Locations and Storage Descriptions|AV case]]. Preferably, do not use one of the two in the bag labeled "Ultimate Support" as those are the most popular to use for the Chesapeake speakers.
   %%TODO: Get a photo of speaker tripod.%%
2. Retrieve the mesh AP and PoE injector from the bottommost drawer of the Storage Case. Make sure you grab the mounting plate for the AP, which contains two hose clamps on it.
   %%TODO: Get a photo of mesh AP, PoE injector, and mounting plate in the storage drawers.%%
3. Retrieve a length of Ethernet from the Ethernet AV tote. 
4. Retrieve a screwdriver that fits the hose clamp.
5. Place the tripod in the area of the pits that is as close to the field area as possible as the crow flies. This will give the best chances of good uplink strength. 
6. Attach the mounting plate to the top of the tripod pole, tightening the hose clamps to secure.
   %%TODO: Get a photo of mounting plate attached to tripod pole.%%
7. Attach Ethernet cable to the AP, routing the cable through the rubber grommet in the mounting plate.
8. Slide the AP onto the mounting plate, making sure it clicks in securely.
   %%TODO: Get a photo of AP mounted securely on the plate.%%
9. Rotate tripod pole so that the front side of the AP (with "U" logo on it) is pointed towards the pits.
10. Connect the other side of the Ethernet cable to the PoE injector, in the port marked with a lightning bolt. No cable will be attached to the other port of the injector. 
    %%TODO: Get a photo of the PoE injector with cable in it.%%
11. Connect the PoE injector to power. You should see the light on the front of the AP turn on and begin to blink white.
    %%TODO: Get a short video of the AP blinking white during startup.%%
12. Wait 5 minutes for the AP to boot. Verify that the LED turns solid blue. If it does not, the AP may be too far away from the field to connect successfully. Try moving the AP closer to the field and powering up again.
    %%TODO: Get a photo of the AP with solid blue status LED. 

> [!info] Positioning the Mesh AP
> Though the ideal situation, the mesh AP does not have to be in the same room as the pits, as its directional antenna should be able to punch through at least one set of walls. If the mesh AP cannot connect to the field AP when in the pit area, try placing it in the field area as close to the pits as possible instead, with the front of the AP facing the wall towards the pits. The AP should be able to maintain steady connection in this state, and should still provide decent 2.4GHz coverage to the pits.


